2021-03-18
How to survive in a place with harsh conditions and surroundings? What a person can do while he’s ship or aircraft breaks down. In the absence of any surviving skills, people cannot live in island or forest even for a single night. Nevertheless, some still come to their own mortality regardless of their professional skills. What is the correct way to survive in the field? How to train by yourself? Let’s find out.

Imagine that you are dropped in a lonely island by an aircraft accident (say, in the Pacific Ocean, the latitude is about 40 degrees, assume it has fertile vegetation). You might firstly struggle to become as calm as you can, and then, you want to find some foods to have a less-bad meal. However, the notion of “find food as fast as I can” is basically incorrect. An adult can live for at least four weeks without food, whereas they cannot live for only three days in the absence of water. A harsh condition whether you are exposed to a frigid environment or a rainy day can cause serious consequences. The extreme condition will kill you without hesitation to a great extent. By way of example, in a desert area, the burning sunlight will end you up with only 4 hours if you do not have any water resource or shelter. In some high latitude region, the temperature in there may drop into zero degree in Celsius. The freezing temperature can absorb your body heat and diminish your metabolism which will cause hypothermia and death. Without effective way to retain your body heat is inadvisable. Here are certain ways you need to do in order to survive when you are abandoned in an island:

Firstly, steady yourself and take a deep breath. To think rationally, you should never put yourself in anxiety mood. A good psychology will always be in the primary position. “Hope for the best, prepare for the worst” is a notion you should always hold. Judge your surroundings which include: water resources, topography of the region, whether there are tremendous animals, orientation of the wind, humidity, temperature, eatable plant or animal (I do not recommend you to hunt animal, it may cost large amount of energy which may outweigh the benefit of feeding you) etc. Find some twigs (if it is available) and place it in an SOS shape to signal the potential rescue team. Choose a good place to build a temporary shelter. Assuming the topography in there is not flat. To build a shelter, you should firstly find a place can hamper the wind-blowing which may decrease your body temperature and cause damage to your provisional shelter. Use rocks and large twig to create a triangle, place some leaves or grass to cover your shelter for the purpose of camouflage. Whether a beast will show up basically depending on the time and the variety of the animal. Remember, any given island can include some animals. After building your shelter, the next step is to find stable water resources. If it is raining day, you may literally be the luckiest person in the world because all rain drops can drink (except the acid rain). But what if the rain is scarce? Here are few certain ways to gather water:

1. The dew. The dew may be the most purify water that you can find in the wild. But they are easy to be polluted and also, they are scarce. To gather dew, you can bind the clean cloth around your legs while you are going through the woods. Squeeze the cloth to drink the dew. Another way to collect the dew is using a container. For instance, the plastic bags (find it in the margin of the island or in your bag), cover the branch you just cut off from a plant with plastic bag, the water which is contained in the branch will distill to the surface of the plastic. To emphasize, the distilled water is very scarce.

2. Herbivore will usually not far from the water source. Therefore, the trace of the Herbivore can pinpoint the source of water. However, the emerge of the carnivore does not symbolize that there is water existing on somewhere. Birds can fly through an extensive area, so it will be unrealistic to follow the birds to find water.

3. Some plants’ roots or itself can contain plenty of purified water, dig or cut them to drink up.

4. Never drink sea water directly. By using simple distilling apparatus can purify the seawater to drinkable one. Put two glass bottles’ entry closely, fire one of the glass jar which contain seawater. (Need to build a fire)

…

Tips: Boiling water will always be a good idea.



Never begin to drink only when you feel thirsty, instead, take a sip every now and then.
2021-01-09 20:22
What is consciousness? Which future path we should take? What's our methods' limitation?

Steve Rose claims in his book The Future of the Brain that the Brain should be studied in a more biophysical way. Now, many of neural scientists using the methodology of cognitive neuroscience to decipher the mysterious of mind. But whether these methods are effective in decoding the essential of consciousness remained unknown given the methods it uses is too broad in researching the brain. As we all know, the biophysical basis of human and other animals are similar. Despite there is a similarity exists, human have better intellect, and with higher-level consciousness (if animals have consciousness). However, we never can say that the 'similarity ' is actually real....

